Update access-your-support-ticket.md (#13623)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/faq/access-your-support-ticket.md

6. If you would like to view your entire organization's tickets, submit a request to [Datadog support][1].

[1]: https://help.ddog-gov.com
{{< /site-region >}}

## Error: Refused to connect

> Refused to connect error comes from privacy settings blocking third-party cookies. To solve this issue, make sure the browser allows third-party cookies, at least from Zendesk. 
> 
> Find the instructions allow third-party cookies in Chrome in this article from Google Chrome Help: [Clear, enable, and manage cookies in Chrome](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en#:~:text=Cookies%20are%20files%20created%20by,give%20you%20locally%20relevant%20content). 
> 
> If your browser has ad-blockers, turn them off to see if this allows you to sign in. Some ad-blockers have their own list of exceptions. If that is your case, add **datadog.zendesk.com** to the allow list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Refused to connect** errors come from privacy settings that block third-party cookies. To solve this issue, make sure the browser allows third-party cookies from Zendesk. Find instructions on how to [Clear, enable, and manage cookies in Chrome][2] in Google Chrome Help.

If your browser has ad-blockers, turn them off to see if this allows you to sign in. Some ad-blockers have their own list of exceptions. In this case, add **datadog.zendesk.com** to the allow list.
```
